Count no of consonents and vowels present in a given string 

    s=input("Enter a string = ")
1. Taking String input from the user and stored in s variable.
    vow = 'aeiouAEIOU'
2. To compairison we are stored consonents(aeiouAEIOU) in variable vow (in both uppercase and lowercase).
    c_count = 0
    v_count = 0 
3. count variable will be initilized with zero because by assuming if user give empty string then the count of the consonents will be zero,
    in another case if given string does not have any consonents and does not have vowels then also we need to return zero.
    for i in s:
4. starting a for loop to iterate the elements present in the string(s) by using i variable,
if the user given string is not empty controller will enter into the loop.
     if i in vow:
5. After enter into the for loop, it will check the if condition, that is if i.isalpha() (i element is containing alphabet or not)  and not present in vow(variable)
if the condition is true it will enter into the if block and perform a statement count+=1 by this we can increse the count value.
if condition is false then else part will be executed and v_count will be updated.

6. in a loop we are incrementing the count variable by the iteration count.

* assume if user given string is 'venky'
- 1st itteeration i will be assigned as first element in str as v and check the condition i is alpha and i not in vow (true) then c_count will be updated to 1
- 1st itteeration i will be assigned as first element in str as e and check the condition i is alpha and i not in vow (false) then v_count will be updated to 1
- 1st itteeration i will be assigned as first element in str as n and check the condition i is alpha and i not in vow (true) then count will be updated to 2
- 1st itteeration i will be assigned as first element in str as k and check the condition i is alpha and i not in vow (true) then count will be updated to 3 
- 1st itteeration i will be assigned as first element in str as y and check the condition i is alpha and i not in vow (true) then count will be updated to 4.

7.After all the elements will be done then it will come out of the for loop and go to next statement.

    print(c_count)  ## output :- 4
    print(v_count)  ## output :- 1
8. This print count will be return outside the loop because count value will be returned at the end onces only,
if we will given inside the loop then it will print every time or every iteration, to avoid that we need to given that statemnet outside the loop.

9. by this we can find count of consonents and vowels present in the given string...