Sum of even number in a given string

    s=input("Enter a string = ")
1. Taking String input from the user and stored in s variable.

 Sum = 0
2. By assuming if the user given substring as empty string and if the given string does not contain digits,and if no even digit present in the string
 then we are assigning count variable with 0.

for i in s:
3. starting a for loop to iterate the elements present in the string(s) by using i variable,
if the user given string is not empty controller will enter into the loop.
     if i.isdigit():
4. After enter into the for loop, it will check the if condition, that is if i (element) is digit,
it will enter into the if block and perform a statement to convert that str to int and 
again if condition to check that number is even or not if even enter into if block,
and perform Sum+=1 by this we can add the sum value.
if condition is false then there is no else so controller will perform next iteration.

 if i.isdigit():
        n = int(i)
        if n%2==0:
            sum += n
        
5.in a loop we are incrementing the sum variable by the iteration count.

* assume if user given string is 'ven124'
- 1st itteeration i will be assigned as first element in str as v and check the condition i is digit (false)
 then that it will perform next iteration sum = 0
- 2nd itteeration i will be assigned as first element in str as e and check the condition i is digit (false)
 then that it will perform next iteration sum = 0
- 3rd itteeration i will be assigned as first element in str as n and check the condition i is digit (false)
 then that it will perform next iteration sum = 0
- 4th itteeration i will be assigned as first element in str as '1' and check the condition i is digit (true)
 then int in str will be type casted to int and stored in variable(n) and will be 
 checked whether it gives reminder when it is divisible by 2 if false  sum value is 0. 
- 5th itteeration i will be assigned as first element in str as '2' and check the condition i is digit (true)
 then int in str will be type casted to int and stored in variable(n) and will be 
 checked whether it gives reminder when it is divisible by 2 if true  sum value is 0+2=2. 
- 6th itteeration i will be assigned as first element in str as '4' and check the condition i is digit (true)
 then int in str will be type casted to int and stored in variable(n) and will be 
 checked whether it gives reminder when it is divisible by 2 if true  sum value is 2+4=6.
7.After all the elements will be done then it will come out of the for loop and go to next statement.

    print(sum)
8. This print sum will be return outside the loop because count value will be returned at the end onces only,
if we will given inside the loop then it will print every time or every iteration, to avoid that we need to given that statemnet outside the loop.

9. by this we can find sum of even numbers present in the given string...